h1. Miscellaneous Scripts

A collection of simple scripts that I've collected over the years for various purposes. You never know what you might find...

h2. @retrograde.sh@

Retrograde is a shell script that will remove all identities stored by the current user's ssh-agent regardless of whether or not @$SSH_AUTH_SOCK@ is actually set in the environment. I use it in conjunction with "SleepWatcher":http://www.bernhard-baehr.de/ to automatically forget my ssh keys when my MacBook goes to sleep.

h2. License

Many parts of these scripts were gathered from various sources and have evolved for my personal use over time. I can't say that I have responsibly kept track of licenses for all of this code, but most everything is small enough that its usage should be safe. If you are the author of some of the code found here and would like to be attributed or prefer have it removed, please let me know.

For the code that is mine, consider it to be covered by the "MIT License":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php...

bc.. Copyright (c) 2010, Aaron Schaefer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
